Adding a design proposal template and README. (#1838)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/design_proposals/README.md

> # Design Proposals process

Reviewer: `Design Proposal Process`

Hello Contributors!

This document describes the process for proposing a new feature or making any

> big code changes to `skaffold`.

Author: will change this to "large" code changes. "larger implies large than X "

> Submitting a proposal before a pull request, will likely reduce the back and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Submitting a proposal before a pull request will likely reduce the back and
```

> Having a proposal, will likely reduce the back and forth between the contributor

Reviewer: s/`Having a proposal,`/`Submitting a proposal before a pull request`

> and the core team. It also makes sure, each new feature or a big change has a

Reviewer: s/`It also makes sure,`/`A proposal also ensures`

new feature or a big change has a design review.

> For any new feature, config or big changes, please add a design proposal document

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For any new feature, config or large change, please add a design proposal document
```

as described in [Design Proposal Template](./design-proposal-template.md).

> Once you create a PR with the proposal, someone from the core team will be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you create a PR with the proposal, someone from the maintainers will be
```

> assigned as a design sheppard. The role of the design sheppard will be to make

Reviewer 2: `sheppard` -> `shepherd`

> sure,

Reviewer: nit: s/`,`/`:`

> 1. The feature/change is within Skaffold Philosophy and not a one off

Reviewer: "Skaffold Philosophy" isn't really documented anywhere. I'd probably say something more like `The feature or change is in line with the Skaffold roadmap and the team's general philosophy for the tool`

> 1. The feature/change is within the Skaffold roadmap and the team's general

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. The feature/change is aligned with the Skaffold roadmap and the team's general
```

   philosophy for the tool and not a one off solution for a specific use case.
2. The feature/change scope is well defined.
3. When changing any existing feature, the implementation plan adheres to

>    [skaffold deprecation policy](./../../deprecation-policy.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   [skaffold deprecation policy](./../../deprecation-policy.md).
```

> Once the proposals in a reasonale shape, we can discuss it in Skaffold bi-weekly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the proposal is in a reasonale shape, we can discuss it in Skaffold bi-weekly
```

> Once the proposal is in a reasonale shape, we can discuss it in Skaffold bi-weekly

Reviewer: s/`reasonale`/`reasonable`

> Once the proposal is in a reasonale shape, we can discuss it in Skaffold bi-weekly

Reviewer: can we rephrase this a little bit? "accept or punt" is a little aggressive :)

`Once the proposal has been approved, we can move discussions to our bi-weekly meetings to address any open concerns, and to reach a final decision on whether or not to accept the feature or change.`

Author: thanks! sounds much better now!

> meetings to address any open concerns,and to reach a final decision on whether

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
meetings to address any open concerns, and to reach a final decision on whether
```

# Design Proposal Process

Hello Contributors!

This document describes the process for proposing a new feature or making any
large code changes to `skaffold`. By large we mean,  large in impact or large in
size.

> An example for large impact changes would be:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A examples for large impact changes would be:
```

> 1. Introduce Templating, or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Introduce templating, or
```
